{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0606020202030204}Arial Narrow;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\fs24 \snext0 Normal;}}\pard\plain \margl1440\margr1440 {\footer \pard\plain \tqr\tx9360 \fs20 {\tab Page }{\field{\*\fldinst PAGE}{\fldrslt 1}}{\par }}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\psz1\linex2949\headery864\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj\sftnrestart {\header \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr Vita for Warren Standale Allen\par }{\headerf \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Curriculum Vitae}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Warren Standale Allen}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn January 30, 2019\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b General Information}\par }\pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 University address:\tab School of Information\line College of Communication and Information\line Shores Building 0101G\line Florida State University\line Tallahassee, Florida 32306-2100\line \par \pard \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 E-mail address:\tab wsallen@fsu.edu\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 Web site:\tab {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.warrensallen.com"}{\fldrslt http://www.warrensallen.com}}\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Preparation}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2013\tab Ph.D., Drexel University, Philadelphia PA. Major: Information Studies. Social Informatics. Supervisor: Denise Agosto, Ph.D. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li2520 Warren Allen. (2013). {\i An Ethnographic Study of Motivations to Participate in, and Contribute Knowledge to, a Hybrid-Economic Professional I.T. Community}. Unpublished doctoral dissertation, Drexel University, Philadelphia PA. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2011\tab M.A.L.S., Georgetown University, Washington, D.C. Major: Individual Studies. Supervisor: Frederick Ruf, Ph.D. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li2520 Warren Allen. (2011). {\i Narrative Coherence and Authenticity in Media and Social Technology}. Unpublished master's thesis, Georgetown University, Washington, D.C. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2004\tab B.A., University of Delaware. Major: Philosophy. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Experience}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2013\u8211?present\tab Assistant Professor, School of Information, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2012\u8211?2013\tab Instructor, College of Information Science and Technology, Drexel University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Honors, Awards, and Prizes}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Outstanding Faculty Leadership/Builder Award, The School of Information (2017). \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Undergraduate Faculty Teaching Award, College of Communication and Information (2016). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Current Membership in Professional Organizations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Teaching}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Courses Taught}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Information Technology Project (LIS4910)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Perspective on Information Technology (LIS4708)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Social Computing and Collaboration Technologies (LIS5385)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Data Architecht (LIS5900)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Social Media Management (LIS4380)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Honors Work in Information Studies (LIS4970)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Special Topics in Information Studies: Social Networks (LIS4930)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 DIS: Introduction to Analytics with Python (LIS5900)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Organizational Network Analysi (LIS4905)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Real App Social Media Analytic (LIS5900)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Social Network Analysis (LIS6909)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 DIS: Network Analysis (Montez) (LIS6909)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 DIS: Social Network Analysis (Montez) (LIS6909)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Social Media Management (LIS5385)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Advanced Social Media Management (LIS5916)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 DIS: Social Network Analysis (Skinner) (LIS6909)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Issues in Information Studies (LIS5916)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b New Course Development}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Information Technology Project (substantive revisions) (2016)\par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Social Computing and Collaboration (2016)\par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Social Networks (2016)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Doctoral Committee University Representative}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Gaulden, S., doctoral candidate.  {\i Retweeting in an Echo Chamber: A Social Network Analysis of the #NeverTrump and #NeverHillary Movements Across Twitter}. \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Blatt, A., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Bachelor's Committee Chair}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Ramsier, L., student.  {\i Social Network Analysis of Mental Health-Related Hashtags}. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Supervision of Student Research Not Related to Thesis or Dissertation}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Waingankar, D. R. (2016\u8211?17). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Dawha, D. (2015). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Research and Original Creative Work}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Program of Research and/or Focus of Original Creative Work}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn My research program applies network- and graph-centric methods and technologies to the reimagining, redesigning, and building of social information systems. Also, I use exploratory social network analysis methods to examine the role of online and interpersonal social networks in our social, civic, and professional lives. \par \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Publications}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W. (2016). Participation and Knowledge Exchange in a Hybrid-Economic Software Community. {\i Journal of the Knowledge Economy}, 1-15. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2kgbBNn"}{\fldrslt http://bit.ly/2kgbBNn}} doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s13132-016-0366-8"}{\fldrslt 10.1007/s13132-016-0366-8}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Proceedings}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W., & Philips, A. (2018). Consensus Analysis of Shared Beliefs Among Young Adults About Anonymity in Social Media. In {\i The 9th International Conference on Social Media & Society}. Copenhagen, Denmark. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3217804"}{\fldrslt https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3217804}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W. (2017). Open Professional Development as a Sociotechnical Design Challenge. In {\i ACM Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}. Denver, CO. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W. (2016). Campaign Conversations on Instagram and the Closure of Access to Social Media Data. In {\i 9th Annual Political Networks Workshops & Conference}. St. Louis, MO. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2907683"}{\fldrslt https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2907683}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Turner, D., & Allen, W. S. (2013). Documents, dialogue and the emergence of tertiary orality. In {\i Conceptions of Library and Information Science Conference, Copenhagen}. Information Research. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.informationr.net/ir/18-3/colis/paperC44.html"}{\fldrslt http://www.informationr.net/ir/18-3/colis/paperC44.html}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Presentations}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Papers at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W., & Gaulden, S. (presented 2017, June). {\i Do ideologically-mixed hashtags signal cross-ideological engagement?} Paper presented at 10th Annual Political Networks Conference and Workshop, American Political Science Association, Columbus, OH. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Presentations at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Zelenkauskaite, A., & Allen, W. (presented 2016, July). {\i Quest for the mediated authenticity: Audiences' responses to visuals on the radio Instagram}. Presentation at IAMCR, International Association for Media and Communication Research, Leicester, United Kingdom. (International) Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2kgdtFx"}{\fldrslt http://bit.ly/2kgdtFx}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W. (presented 2013, August). {\i The VIP Treatment: Lessons from an Incentive System in a Hybrid-Economic Peer-Production Community}. Presentation at The Annual Meeting of the Academy of Management, Academy of Management, Orlando, FL. (International) Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2k5JoGY"}{\fldrslt http://bit.ly/2k5JoGY}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Workshops}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Farzan, R., Acker, A., Allen, W., & Burton, B. (2016, March). {\i Advanced Ropics in Sociotechnical Systems: Methods and Concepts of Trace Data}. Workshop delivered at iConference 2016, Philadelphia, PA. (International) Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://hdl.handle.net/2142/89463"}{\fldrslt http://hdl.handle.net/2142/89463}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Sawyer, S., Allen, W., Monroy, C., Shankar, K., Su, N. M., & Voida, S. (2015, March). {\i Sociotechnical Approaches to Fieldwork and Trace Data Integration}. Workshop delivered at iConference 2015, Newport, CA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Erickson, I., Allen, W., Arora, P., Goggins, S., Shankar, K., & Yew, J. (2014, March). {\i Workshop: Breaking Down and Building Up: Accelerating Sociotech Scholarship in the iSchool Community}. Workshop delivered at iConference 2014, Berlin, Germany. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Information and Communication Technology}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Internet Web Site Development}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W. (2016). {\i sociotech.net}. Retrieved from Consortium for the Science of Sociotechnical Systems (CSST): {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.sociotech.net"}{\fldrslt http://www.sociotech.net}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Contracts and Grants}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Contracts and Grants Funded}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, Warren Standale (PI). (Dec 2014\u8211?May 2016). {\i PG: Social Media Pilot System to Represent Soft Skills of Information Technology Students}. Funded by FSU CRC. Total award $12,276. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, Warren Standale (PI). (May 2014\u8211?Aug 2014). {\i FYAP: Examining The Social Media Echo Chamber Phenomenon in The Case of The 2013 Government Shutdown}. Funded by FSU CRC. Total award $20,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Contracts and Grants Denied}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W., Urban, R., & Dennen, V. (Jan 2016). {\i Sociotechnical Infrastructure for Practice-Based Social Learning in Technology Community Contexts}. Submitted to National Science Foundation. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W., & Harlow, S. (Dec 2015). {\i Social Media Management and Production Studio}. Submitted to FSU Student Technology Fee Advisory Committee. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Mon, Lorraine M (PI), & Allen, Warren Standale (Co-PI). (Sep 2013). {\i The Library in Social Space: Public Libraries and Social Media}. Submitted to Institute of Museum and Libraries. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Other Research Activities}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W. S. (2013). {\i Research Infrastructure Integration}. The School of Information Social Media Lab. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Web Application Development}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W. (2016). {\i Community Credentials Platform: Web Application to Support Network-centric Open Professional Development}. Social Media Lab at FSU. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Service}\par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Florida State University}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU University Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Invited Speaker, FSU Library Symposium, "Social Media and Research." (2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Mentor, HackFSU (2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Speaker, Florida State University Service Scholars (2013).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU College Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, CCI Academic Affairs Committee (2016\u8211?2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Invited Speaker, Social Spear (student-run social media RSO) (2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Personnel/Faculty Search Committee: School of Communication (2013\u8211?2014).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU Department Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Research and Faculty Hiring Committee (2016\u8211?2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Outreach Committee (2015\u8211?2016).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, MSIT Committee: School of Information (2014\u8211?2015).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Personnel/Faculty Search Committee: School of Information (2014\u8211?2015).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Technology Services Committee (2013\u8211?2014).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b The Profession}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Editor for Refereed Journals}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Associate Editor, {\i Online Information Review} (2015\u8211?2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Service to Professional Associations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Leadership Committee, Consortium for the Science of Sociotechnical Systems (2015\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 2017 Late-Breaking Work Associate Chairperson, ACM CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 CHI 2017 alt.chi Juror, ACM CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Summer Institute Advisory Board Member, Consortium for Science of Sociotechnical Systems (2015\u8211?2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member of the Program Committee, Reviewer: Completed Research Papers, Preliminary Results Papers, Workshops, iConference 2015 (2015).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Reviewer, Academy of Management Annual Meeting, Academy of Management, OCIS Division (2014).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Interviews and Appearances}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W. (2015). {\i Interview: How to Start a Career on Social Media (Feb. 2, 2015)}. WTXL Morning News. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Allen, W. S. (2014). {\i Interview: Ryan Uhre case gets major social media attention (2/21/2014)}. WTXL Evening News. \par \pard \pard \par }